(app) Introduce LightningTrainingComponent (#13830)
Lightning-AI/lightning: src/lightning_app/CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for `Lightning App Commands` through the `configure_commands` hook on the Lightning Flow and the `ClientCommand`  ([#13602](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13602))

> - Add `LightningTrainingComponent` that orchestrate multi-node training in the cloud ([#13830](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13830))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adds `LightningTrainingComponent`. `LightningTrainingComponent` orchestrates multi-node training in the cloud ([#13830](https://github.com/Lightning-AI/lightning/pull/13830))
```

Author: Done !
